Liu Zhenshou, this is a grandmaster
It came out of nowhere three years ago.
Suppression of Jiangbei area
Known as the Elephant King of Jiangbei
Although Rongjia was born in the empire
Amazing wealth
But it is by no means a match for Liu Zhenshou
Dare to run wild in our Jiangcheng
Be sure to let him know that our Jiang City is amazing
This Yellow Dragon Feast
It was Liu Zhenshou who greeted a big man
Give it to my Sun family to hold
My cousin of the Sun family, Master Liu, will also participate
Don't mention this is called garbage
Not you dragon general hum
Disrupt society
I can't eat and walk around
Miss Lu
If you use the really familiar imperial dragon general again, you will not be able to protect you.
Can you come from the dark?
Don't ask when you have time, but you don't know the real you.
Why don't you like the score?
Is there no one in this world who can make you like the score?
Route 13 times
6 videos Today we are rivals
Don't worry.
what to do
go
What does he do?
Your junior brother stay down
What the hell is this
I knew it. Look at that. How big is Liu Kun?
The bottom garbage is the bottom garbage.
No access to the upper class
I have no idea what interpretation is.
With what you just said, you're already dead
You're right.
You have no idea what power is
Dare to be arrogant
Wait to die trash
Have you decided?
The Dragon King is dejected, get out of Jiangcheng
Or stay and suffer
Liu Zhen's anger
Let's go
Sun Xiong, listen to me
He is my dragon king
If my man doesn't leave, of course I'm going to die here
Youzhen guard